[Service Bus] Port fix for code paths where subscribe() doesnt call error handler on error (#8562)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

## 7.0.0-preview.2 (Unreleased)

> - Fixes an issue where non-retryable errors caused by a connection disconnecting were not getting surfaced to the user's registered error handler

Reviewer: This statement is no longer true because non retryable errors caused by connection disconnecting will be treated as retryable...

Author: Good point.
```suggestion
- Any error caused by a connection disconnecting is retried as per the user-provided retry options and the failures would get surfaced to the user's registered error handler
```

How's this?

Reviewer: Looks good

> - Any error caused by a connection disconnecting is retried as per the user-provided retry options and the failures would get surfaced to the user's registered error handler

Reviewer: This makes a user feel that this was not being done before...

Also, since the change we are doing is not anything different from what is in Track 1, I wonder if we should even mention this...

While it is generally true that changelog for a version should reflect the diff between it and the previous version, in case of previews I believe we should focus on what's different between this and the stable version

Thoughts...?

Author: Okay, makes sense, I agree with removing.

Author: Closing this PR in favor of the unified PR #8580.
Please continue over there.

  when using the `subscribe` method on a receiver.

>   [PR ####](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/####)

Author: ```suggestion
  [PR 8562](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/8562)
```
